# ZenChatty
Проект диплома для ПРИ. Мессенжер, Чат-приложение.

## Functions

### todo
- File upload for frontend
- Change email address

## Explain
### Usage of Artificial Intelligence
Involved AI usages:
- Jetbrains Rider AI Assistant
- Trae Builder (Deepseek v3/v3.1-terminus/r1, Alibaba QWen3-Coder)
- Trae CUE Code Generation/Refactoring
- Jetbrains Rider Qodana Code Inspection (Local)

Used under what situation:
- Auto code complete
- Finding risks, analyse of model-classes
- Generating unrelated materials (such as: readme, issues)
- EF relationship analysis and repeating works

Maybe asked questions:
- Why here's a gigantic submit in git including 9225 new lines at commit `6ac0b3fc3caa959743eb77d9e1e6f1deff281047`?
    - These including some repeating works(EF relationship) and accidently generated code (removed SafeChatQueryHelper). Actually many of controllers are generated at first, but during my review and cleanup I found plenty of them are useless, not as expected, duplicated, and those lines including AI-generated explanation (which is useless), comments, logs, markdown docs, test-http-files, test scripts, (actually useless) minor unit tests, blank new lines, `<summary>`, and so on.
- Is the backend actually represents your ability?
    - Yes, it can. But it's not the case. The backend is just a simple CRUD application, it doesn't have any intelligence. The intelligence is in the frontend. (this sentense is generated by CUE, lmao. I felt it is interesting, as it's generated by AI but still reads my mind, haha. Actually 80% truth, but still I need to say: the assembly of RabbitMQ and SignalR and MS SQL is an incredible idea by @laolarou726, my leader in @corona-studio (originaly I was planning to use Redis as caching of new messages, and I actually learned something about RabbitMQ when I'm in WHVCSE, so it's convenient to me.). The basic implementation is simple that can even got from their documentations, so AI just boosted the procedure of work, and that's all. My ability can be verified anytime when AI code went wrong - and I them fixed by myself.)